=head1 NAME

Tie::Handle::Offset - Tied handle that hides the beginning of a file

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Tie::Handle::Offset;

  tie my $fh, 'Tie::Handle::Offset', "<", $filename, { offset => 20 };

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This modules provides a file handle that hides the beginning of a file.
After opening, the file is positioned at the offset location. C<seek()> and
C<tell()> calls are modified to preserve the offset.

For example, C<tell($fh)> will return 0, though the actual file position
is at the offset.  Likewise, C<seek($fh,80,0)> will seek to 80 bytes from
the offset instead of 80 bytes from the actual start of the file.

=for Pod::Coverage method_names_here

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Tie-Handle-Offset>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/tie-handle-offset>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/tie-handle-offset.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

